docs/index.md, before:

# MyST Release Notes Plugin

A MyST plugin to generate consolidated release notes from a GitHub repository.

This plugin allows you to consolidate and stack the notes from all releases in a GitHub repository. It allows you to create a scannable and persistent space for all the latest releases in your project.

**🚫 Warning - this is experimental**: We're experimenting with this plugin to show release notes on jupyterbook.org. It might change rapidly! You're welcome to use it and give feedback. Eventually it will stabilize, but not just yet!

## Get started

Enable the plugin by adding it to your `project.plugins` field in `myst.yml`:

```yaml
project:
  plugins:
    - https://github.com/jupyter-book/myst-release-notes/releases/download/v0.1.0/index.mjs
```

Replace `v0.1.0` with the version you want to use. See the [releases page](https://github.com/jupyter-book/myst-release-notes/releases) for available versions.

## Usage

Use the `release-notes` directive with the GitHub repository in `org/repo` format:

````markdown
```{release-notes} jupyter-book/mystmd
:after: -6m
```
````

### Filter releases by date

The `:after:` flag only pulls releases after this date. Supports `YYYY-MM-DD` format or relative dates like `-6m` (6 months ago) or `-2w` (2 weeks ago).

### Filter sections by name

The `:skip-sections:` argument is a regex pattern to filter out sections from release notes. Matching sections (and their content until the next sibling heading) are removed.

### Example with options

````markdown
```{release-notes} jupyter-book/mystmd
:after: -6m
:skip-sections: Contributors|Full Changelog
```
````

## Demo

See the [](./releases.md) page for a live demonstration of this plugin showing recent releases from the MyST Document Engine.

Commit message:

Add skiplines and section removal

docs/index.md, after:

# MyST Release Notes Plugin

A MyST plugin to generate consolidated release notes from a GitHub repository.

This plugin allows you to consolidate and stack the notes from all releases in a GitHub repository. It allows you to create a scannable and persistent space for all the latest releases in your project.

**🚫 Warning - this is experimental**: We're experimenting with this plugin to show release notes on jupyterbook.org. It might change rapidly! You're welcome to use it and give feedback. Eventually it will stabilize, but not just yet!

## Get started

Enable the plugin by adding it to your `project.plugins` field in `myst.yml`:

```yaml
project:
  plugins:
    - https://github.com/jupyter-book/myst-release-notes/releases/download/v0.1.0/index.mjs
```

Replace `v0.1.0` with the version you want to use. See the [releases page](https://github.com/jupyter-book/myst-release-notes/releases) for available versions.

## Usage

Use the `release-notes` directive with the GitHub repository in `org/repo` format:

````markdown
```{release-notes} jupyter-book/mystmd
:after: -6m
```
````

### Filter releases by date

The `:after:` flag only pulls releases after this date. Supports `YYYY-MM-DD` format or relative dates like `-6m` (6 months ago) or `-2w` (2 weeks ago).

### Filter sections by name

The `:skip-sections:` argument is a regex pattern to filter out sections from release notes. Matching sections (and their content until the next sibling heading) are removed.

### Filter lines by content

The `:skip-lines:` argument is a regex pattern to filter out the lines in release notes based on whether they match the argument. Use this to remove PRs that you don't need in your change log like "Release" PRs.

### Remove empty sections

The `:remove-empty-sections:` argument is a flag to remove any sections if they are empty. It is run *before* headers are demoted to **bold sections** but *after* the "filter lines" step above in case you want to remove a section after filtering out all its content.

### Example with options

````markdown
```{release-notes} jupyter-book/mystmd
:after: -6m
:skip-sections: Contributors|Full Changelog
```
````

## Demo

See the [](./releases.md) page for a live demonstration of this plugin showing recent releases from the MyST Document Engine.
